Implement Error Hooks (#1967)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/02_features/hooks.md

---
layout: collection-browser-doc
title: Hooks
category: features
categories_url: features

> excerpt: Learn how to execute custom code before or after running Terraform.

Reviewer: We should update this too.

```suggestion
excerpt: Learn how to execute custom code before or after running Terraform, or when errors occur.
```

---
layout: collection-browser-doc

> title: Hooks

Reviewer: What about this instead?

```suggestion
title: Before, After, and Error Hooks
```

You can learn more about all the various configuration options supported in [the reference docs for the terraform
block](/docs/reference/config-blocks-and-attributes/#terraform).

## Error Hooks

> Think of error hooks like an exception handler, they allow you to specifiy a list of expressions that can be used to catch errors and run custom commands when that occur.

Reviewer: Just some grammatical suggestions here.

```suggestion
Think of error hooks like exception handlers. They allow you to specifiy a list of expressions that can be used to catch errors and run custom commands when those errors occur.
```

> Think of error hooks like exception handlers. They allow you to specifiy a list of expressions that can be used to catch errors and run custom commands when those errors occur. Error hooks are executed after the before/after hooks.

Reviewer 2: To be consistent:

```suggestion
*Error hooks* are a special type of after hook that act as exception handlers. They allow you to specify a list of expressions that can be used to catch errors and run custom commands when those errors occur. Error hooks are executed after the before/after hooks.
```

Here is an example:
``` hcl
terraform {

>   error_hook "import_resource" {

Reviewer 3: I think `error_hook` should be referenced in the "Blocks" list like `after_hook` / `before_hook`, otherwise, users will not know that such block can be used in HCL

https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/reference/config-blocks-and-attributes/

https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/blob/master/docs/_docs/04_reference/config-blocks-and-attributes.md

Author: good point, let me update that

Author: updated https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/pull/1967/commits/a467f8c6f0ec3f49d9ebf8f6b4800502df71702b
